---
layout: default
title: Integrations
---

<ol class="breadcrumb">
  <li><a href="/">Home</a></li>
  <li>Integrations</li>
</ol>

# Integrations

To get started with Sign2Pay, choose the integration type that best fits your needs. Using the credentials given to you in your Sign2Pay Merchant Admin, you can easily setup secure communication between your checkout page(s) and S2P.

The second requirement of integrating the full Sign2Pay payment solution includes providing us with a Postback URL. This Postback URL is hosted in your own environment and is used to listen for Payment Notification, perform updates to your backend, and provide a redirect URL or message for the user on completion of their purchase.

## JavaScript

Sign2Pay integrates into your checkout process by first setting a few variables and including the sign2pay.js script within your checkout flow. Our script handles all of the passing of data to our API via secure POST over https. Responses from the API are listened for by a hidden iframe that is generated by our script which deals with message and error handling, as well as updating the UI for the user.

[JavaScript documentation](/integrations/javascript/index.html)

## iOS

The Sign2Pay iOS SDK simplifies 3 tasks:

* Authorise access and usage to the Sign2Pay API service
* Perform the Sign2Pay risk assessment
* Present the Sign2Pay overlay to kick off the payment process

## Magento

We’re consistently looking for ways to make the integration of Sign2Pay easier for merchants. With this in mind, we’ve developed a few Payment Modules to connect Sign2Pay to your eCommerce platform via downloadable, integrated plugins.

[Magento documentation](/integrations/magento/index.html)

# Testing

After you've setup the integration, it's time to test. Any new application will default to being in test mode. This means that money will not be processed. It also means that we won't check for a mobile device . This way you can test using a desktop browser too. For production applications, Sign2Pay only works on mobile devices.

[Read about testing](/integrations/testing.html)
